README.md, before:

# Red Framework

Open source collection of C++ modules built to interest a wide variety of programming focuses. The modules provide high and low level abstractions to make software development smoother, leaving the platform-dependent and management code to the library. This project is not a replacement for more developed libraries such as Boost, but it makes attempts at providing unique and useful constructs for programmers.

[![Code Coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/XenonicDev/Red/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/XenonicDev/Red)

| Build Status          | System         |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------ |
| [![Build Status Windows](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/uaoee0lwjm5qfx5t?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/XenonicDev/red) | Windows 10 (MSVS 2017) |
| [![Build Status Linux](https://travis-ci.org/XenonicDev/Red.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/XenonicDev/Red) | Ubuntu 14.04.3 (gcc 4.8.4/clang 5.0.0) OSX (XCode 8.3 clang) |

## Building
Building is simplified into platform specific build scripts. For Windows systems, execute Build.bat, while on Unix systems, use Build.sh. These will generate a Build folder in the project root to store all intermediates and binaries. Build script parameters are in the immediate roadmap.

## Contributing
This is an open source project that is open to any public submissions that fall within the loosely held style guide of the project. Until an official guide is written, potential contributors can look over the code provided and do their best to get a sense of the structure and style. As for work environments, Microsoft Visual Studio is the native development suite for work on the library and will always be supported. It is unknown whether or not other IDEs will be natively supported in the future.

Commit message:

Added Requirements Section, Build Script Details

README.md, after:

# Red Framework

Open source collection of C++ modules built to interest a wide variety of programming focuses. The modules provide high and low level abstractions to make software development smoother, leaving the platform-dependent and management code to the library. This project is not a replacement for more developed libraries such as Boost, but it makes attempts at providing unique and useful constructs for programmers.

[![Code Coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/XenonicDev/Red/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/XenonicDev/Red)

| Build Status          | System         |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------ |
| [![Build Status Windows](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/uaoee0lwjm5qfx5t?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/XenonicDev/red) | Windows 10 (MSVS 2017) |
| [![Build Status Linux](https://travis-ci.org/XenonicDev/Red.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/XenonicDev/Red) | Ubuntu 14.04.3 (gcc 4.8.4/clang 5.0.0) OSX (XCode 8.3 clang) |

## Building
Building is simplified into platform specific build scripts. For Windows systems, execute Build.bat, while on Unix systems, use Build.sh. These will generate a Build folder in the project root to store all intermediates and binaries. Running these scripts without any arguments will default to 64 bit builds without debugging information.
### Requirements
#### Windows
* [Microsoft Visual Studio 2017 15.2 or Later](https://www.visualstudio.com/downloads/)
#### Unix
* [CMake 3.1 or Later](https://cmake.org/download/)
* Compiler With C++14 or Later Support

## Contributing
This is an open source project that is open to any public submissions that fall within the loosely held style guide of the project. Until an official guide is written, potential contributors can look over the code provided and do their best to get a sense of the structure and style. As for work environments, Microsoft Visual Studio is the native development suite for work on the library and will always be supported. It is unknown whether or not other IDEs will be natively supported in the future.
